Use Case # 1 Hiring an employee 
GENERAL CHARACTERISTICS
Author	Abdulaziz Alayadi
Last Update:	2/17/2017
Scope	Auto Resturant 
Level	User Level
Status	[one of :  incomplete, under review, finalized, etc.] 
[one of: conceptualization, analysis, etc.]
Primary Actor	Resturant Manager, A person who has the authority to hire and fire employees. 
Secondary Actors	New employee.
Stakeholders and Interests	-	Resturant Owner, wants to keep track of the employees and payroll cost.
-	 Resturant Manager, wants to hire an employee to do certain job.
-	The employee, wants to be hired to do sertain job for a pay.
Preconditions	Manager is idintified and authinticated. 
Success Post Condition	A new employee record is created and saved, the payroll sheets are updated accordingly. 
Failed Post Condition	No new employee records are created not deleted. The payroll sheets are not changed.

MAIN SUCCESS SCENARIO (or basic flow)
Step	Action - description in words of each step in success scenario
1	Manager decides to hire a new employee.
2	Manager starts a new employee application.
3	Manager enters the new employee information; name, date of birth , address, phone number, position, salary, work times, start and end date. 
4
5
6
7	Manager submit the application. 
System creates a new employee record with a unique id. 
System updates payroll sheet with the new employee salary.
System prints an id card wih the name, id, and barcode identifier of the empoyee. 

EXTENSIONS or Alternate Flows
Step	Branching Action
a.






1-4	At anytime, System fails:
To support recovery, ensure all information can be recovred from any steps of the senario.
1.	Manager restarts the system, logs in and requests a recovery to prior state. 
2.	System reconstructs previouse state. 
2.a System detects anomails preventing recovery:
    1.System signals error to Manager, records the error and enter clean state.
    2. Manager starts a new employee application.
Manager cancels the application.  
1.	The application information is destroyed. 
2.	No new employee record is created nor the payroll sheets are changed. 
	


SPECIAL REQUIREMENTS
Req Num	Requirement
	

TECHNOLOGY AND DATA VARIATIONS LIST
Var Num	Variation
1
2	System must support card printing. 
System must support reading cards. 

FREQUENCY OF OCCURRENCE: Sometimes. 

OTHER ISSUES
Issue Num	Issue
