Use Case # (1) Customer records (for waitors)
GENERAL CHARACTERISTICS
Author	Ziyou Shang
Last Update:	2/19/2017
Scope	[Restaurant automation]
Level	[User Level]
Status	[under review] 
[conceptualization]
Primary Actor	[Resturant staff, probably host or waiter.] 
Secondary Actor [Customers]
Stakeholders and Interests	[-	Waitors, to check the remaining tables for customers and keep the reserved tables.
-	Customers, to check the number of people currently in the restaurant and estimate the time they might wait for the tables.]
Preconditions	[The customers may not go back to their seats after their pay for their bill at the reception desk.(they are supposed to leave)
                 The waitors need to be able to use the touchscreen and the system]
Success Post Condition	[Customers will be easy to figure out how long they need to wait for the seats, and waitors can take customers to empty seats that are not reserved easily as well]
Failed Post Condition	[waitors may make mistakes when setting the tables in the restaurant, system might break down by error]

MAIN SUCCESS SCENARIO (or basic flow)
Step	Action - description in words of each step in success scenario
1	Set the system: Before opening, set a map or graph of the restaurant and mark the reserved seats as yellow color with initial of the customer, the empty seats as green color.
2	When a new customer comes, manage the customer to one of the empty tables and mark it on the graph as red.
3	When a customer pays for the bill and is about to leave, mention the cleaner to clean the table and mark the table on the graph as green again.
4       When all the tables in the restaurant are full, start to distribute waiting numbers for new customers and show the earliest waiting number on the screen that can be seen by the customers.


EXTENSIONS or Alternate Flows
Step	Branching Action
a. 1 If the reserved request is cancelled, mark the reserved table of the customer as green again.
     If there are new reserved table requests, select a empty (green) table for the customer and mark it on the graph as yellow and initial of the customer.
b. 3 If the customer leaves without paying for the bill, mention the manager or security guard.



SPECIAL REQUIREMENTS
touchscreen for the graph of the tables of the restaurant
big screen for the customer to see the earliest waiting number
	

TECHNOLOGY AND DATA VARIATIONS LIST
machines like the touchscreen need to be checked, otherwise the whole system might break down.

FREQUENCY OF OCCURRENCE: always.

Other Issues:
It might be difficult for restaurant staff like waitors and cleaners to figure out the empty seats whether the customers have left or they were just leaving for a while(and would probably come back),
which cause difficulties to manage seats for customers
