Use Case # 2 Firing Employee 
GENERAL CHARACTERISTICS
Author	Abdulaziz Alayadi
Last Update:	2/21/17
Scope	Auto Resturant 
Level	User Level
Status	[one of :  incomplete, under review, finalized, etc.] 
[one of: conceptualization, analysis, etc.]
Primary Actor	Resturant Manager, A person who has the authority to fire employees. 
Secondary Actors	New employee.
Stakeholders and Interests	-	Resturant Owner, wants to keep track of the employees and payroll cost.
-	 Resturant Manager, wants to end an employee’s contract.
-	The employee beeing fired, wants to get last benefits. 
Preconditions	Manager is idintified and authinticated. 
Success Post Condition	The selected employee record is destroyed and deleted, the payroll sheets are updated accordingly. 
Failed Post Condition	No new employee records are deleted nor created. The payroll sheets are not changed.

MAIN SUCCESS SCENARIO (or basic flow)
Step	Action - description in words of each step in success scenario
1	Manager decides to fire an employee. 
2	Manager views the employees record.
3
4	Manager chooses “fire employee” option.
Manager confirms that this is intentional and not accedintal.
5
6
7	Manager enters credintials to verify identity. 
The record of the employee is marked as past employee. 
The payroll is updated and calculates last benefits if there is.

EXTENSIONS or Alternate Flows
Step	Branching Action
a

4


 
    5		At anytime, System fails:
1.	Manager log in and redo the process.
Manager cancell the action:
1.	Nothing has changed in the system.
	Manager fails to verify identity:
1.	Manager asked to re-verify identity. 
2.	Repeat step 1 for maximum of 3 times.
3.	The system logs out automaticlay after the third failed attempt.

SPECIAL REQUIREMENTS
Req Num	Requirement
n	

TECHNOLOGY AND DATA VARIATIONS LIST
Var Num	Variation
1	System could have a card reader to verify Manager identity.

FREQUENCY OF OCCURRENCE: Rare. 


OTHER ISSUES
Issue Num	Issue
1	Should the system keep the information of ex-employees, if yes for how long?


